migrate existing tutorial (#1329)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/developing-applications/basic-cordapp/state.md

Before you start building states, read more about [states]({{< relref "../components/ledger/states.md" >}}).

## Create the `AppleStamp` State

First, create the `AppleStamp` state. This state is the voucher issued to customers.

1. Go to the `contracts/src/main/kotlin/com/r3/developers/apples` folder.
2. Right-click the **states** folder, select **New > Kotlin Class** and create a file called `AppleStamp`.
3. Open the file.

### Add Annotations

The first thing you should do when writing a state is add the `@BelongsToContract` annotation. This annotation
establishes the relationship between a state and a contract. Without this, your state does not know which contract is used to verify it.

Add the annotation `@BelongsToContract(AppleStampContract::class)` to your state. The contract will be defined later.

This what your code should look like so far:

```kotlin
@BelongsToContract(AppleStampContract.class)
```

{{< note >}}
Adding this annotation triggers an error in IntelliJ because you have not created the `AppleStampContract` yet. Ignore this error for now - you will add the contract class in the [Write Contracts]({{< relref "./contract.md" >}}) tutorial.
{{< /note >}}

> When naming your CorDapp files, it's best practice to match your contract and state names. In this case the state is called `AppleStamp`, so the contract is called `AppleStampContract`. Follow this naming convention when you write your own original CorDapp to avoid confusion.

Author: ```suggestion
When naming your CorDapp files, it is best practice to match your contract and state names. In this case the state is called `AppleStamp`, so the contract is called `AppleStampContract`. Follow this naming convention when you write your own original CorDapp to avoid confusion.
```

Once you have added all imports, your code should look like this:

```kotlin
package com.r3.developers.apples.states

import com.r3.developers.apples.contracts.AppleStampContract
import net.corda.v5.ledger.utxo.BelongsToContract
import net.corda.v5.ledger.utxo.ContractState
import java.security.PublicKey
import java.util.*

@BelongsToContract(AppleStampContract::class)
class AppleStamp(
    val id: UUID,
    val stampDesc: String,
    val issuer: PublicKey,
    val holder: PublicKey,
    private val participants: List<PublicKey>
) : ContractState {

    override fun getParticipants(): List<PublicKey> = participants
}

```

### Create the `BasketOfApples` State

The `BasketOfApples` state is the basket of apples that Farmer Bob self-issues to prepare the apples for Dave. Now that you have written your first state, try writing the `BasketOfApples` state using the following properties:

* `description` - The brand or type of apple. Use type `String`.
* `farm` - The origin of the apples. Use type `PublicKey`.
* `owner` - The current owner of the basket. Use type `PublicKey`.
* `weight` - The weight of the basket of apples. Use type `int`.

> You will also need to define a `participants` property and override the getter method, as you did when creating the `AppleStamp` contract.

Author: ```suggestion
You must also define a `participants` property and override the getter method, as you did when creating the `AppleStamp` contract.
```

The `BasketOfApples` state is involved in two transactions. In the first transaction, Farmer Bob self-issues the `BasketOfApples`.
At this point, Farmer Bob is both the `owner` and `farm` of the transaction. The second transaction occurs when Dave
wishes to redeem his `AppleStamp` for the `BasketOfApples`. At this point, the owner changes from Bob to Dave.

To enable this, implement a `changeOwner` function within the state. It allows an updated state to be returned with a new owner.
Add the following code to your `BasketOfApples` state class:

```kotlin
fun changeOwner(buyer: PublicKey): BasketOfApples {
    val participants = listOf(farm, buyer)
    return BasketOfApples(description, farm, buyer, weight, participants)
}
```

#### Check Your Work

> Once you’ve written the `BasketOfApples` state, check your code against the sample below. Your code should look something like this:

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have written the `BasketOfApples` state, check your code against the sample below. Your code should look something like this:
```
